today's video is how to make a suction
cup mount for your camera that will
mount onto anything that's a flat
surface you're going to need to buy a
Harbor Freight eight dollar dual suction
cup handle a quarter-inch bolt that's
thread 20 that's gonna be through going
into your tripod head and a ball head if
you don't already have one
you can purchase a ball head from ebay
for five dollars and 80 cents but I have
not been able to test one yet but make
sure you get an all-metal one and one
that can go out of right-angle I'll take
your handle from Harbor Freight
find the middle drill a quarter inch
hole in it put your bowl into your hole
that you just drilled and put your
tripod head on it and measure how much
you need to cut off after you cut your
tripod head you're going to need to use
a file or a grinder to make it smooth
for your tripod head and add some
neoprene and bolt your put the bolt in
and bolt your head on there nice and
tight you may want to add some old
neoprene from an old wetsuit or bike
tubing as a cushion to make it more of a
snug fit mounting it we're going to be
using a dollar store spray bottle and
water inside the spray bottle so every
time you put it your suction cup on make
sure your surface is clean
and spray water on your surface and also
on the suction cup mount every time you
put it on to make a better connection
make sure all the tabs are down you may
want to use a rope or something or strap
to hook under your car or your hood
scoop something I have gone 55 miles an
hour with this on my hood like this and
I haven't had a problem that started
rattling in a tiny bit though
prepare your mounting surface as we did
before
find a flat surface on your door and try
not to push too hard so you may hit any
dents in your car and I for my situation
having it up wasn't an option the angle
wasn't quite right so I had to make it
go upside down and then I rotated it
later on in my video editing software
here is it mounted on my hood as a photo
and here's it mounted on the door upside
down here are some test shots with it
mercy rains and we fall down we fall
down before town
their series ever fought before town
ow
before
their savings and we fought
we come to
we lift our hands to mercy Reza
we left our hands
voices right we never cease to be here
face with open heart we come to you do
no one else can make us new we stand
it's been Matthew from Matthew Richard
calm thanks for watching check out some
of my other videos too and if you like
this video please like it thanks